The Joe Rogan experience,
you know,
on stage.
Did you have like an idol if somebody were trying to be as a stand up?
Um,
like in the pianos are probably a bunch of guys.
I sounded a lot like Richard,
Jenny in the beginning I was kind of stealing,
like almost stealing his timing and then I realized that one time,
one time I was on stage and I heard myself sound like him and I was like,
all right,
I gotta fix this.
Yeah.
You know,
I did that with a,
with David towl in New York.
Why would I did to tell,
I would run downstairs and watch it at tell set and then one day I caught myself
not doing one of his bits,
but like one of his mannerism kind of things.
Yeah.
It's just fun to do.
And I felt,
I was like,
I gotta stop this.
And I went and told SD a,
the woman,
the books,
the comedy cellar.
I was like,
I got to stop watching David towl.
And I said it like a confessional and I thought she was going to be like,
you're not a real comic.
Then everyone watches the talent.
She goes good,
like more people should stop watching David towl people are just ripping them
off and I understand why,
but uh,
he's got such a bizarre sense of timing and then it's so infectious.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Just so,
so fun.
So fun to watch.
I've known Dave for like 28 years I think,
and he's always been like that.
He's always had that very strange way of talking.
Yeah.
You know?
Oh,
it's a box.
I've known him maybe 10 years and I don't know him at all.
You know what I mean?
Like we've like talked a couple of times,
but I don't know anything about the guy.
Yeah.
And I think I met him after he had quit drinking,
so I think it was a different,
uh,
oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
I knew him in the heart when he was on that show.
Insomniacs and he was getting blasted out of his gourd every night.
Every night he was going to these places and it was killing him.
Yeah.
And he stopped doing the show for that very reason,
because everywhere he would go,
it would just be shots,
shots,
and uh,
and then he,
uh,
one time I ran into him at the Improv and it was like one o'clock in the morning
and I was headed home.
And he's like,
Hey,
is there an after party?
Where did we go?
I was like,
where do we go?
Like,
go home,
go to sleep.
Yeah.
And then the next time I saw him,
he was totally sober.
He's one of those guys though that got sober and didn't stop being hilarious.
No,
a lot of guys do.
Yeah.